优秀的国外电子政务：新加坡
Contact Info | Feedback | Sitemap
Search
Home|About Us|Useful Links|My.eCitizen
A-Z Government List
Why Q? e-PayMake your government payments with eNETS between 1 Jul - 31 Dec 2005 and stand a chance to win attractive prizes each week!
Senior Citizens' Award 2005Nominate someone special for Grandparent of the Year and Active Senior Citizen of the Year today!
Policy Changes Relating to the Property MarketRead Minister Mah Bow Tan's speech regarding the policy changes.
Registration for Admission to Primary One in 2006Register your child for primary one.
National Day Parade 2005Join in the upcoming celebration. Learn the songs, create your family moblog.
Public Consultation on Proposed Changes to Policy on Acupuncture
Public Consultation on draft Stamp Duties (Amendment) Bill 2005
Public Consultation on draft Goods and Services Tax (Amendment) Bill 2005
Give us your feedback on national issues and policies.
Give us your suggestions on cutting waste in Government.
SingPass gives you online access to:
CPF Statements ERS Encashment IRAS E-filing and more
> About SingPass> Get Your SingPass
Get assistance to use Government services online:
For Citizens> Locate a Helper
For Organisations> Sign Up as a Helper> Launch eCitHelper
Culture, Recreation & Sports
Arts Calendar, Holiday Facilities, Parks, Learn a Sport, Sports Facilities, more...
Defence & Security
SAF Exit Permit, SAF Overseas Notification, Foreigner Status, NRIC, Report Crime, Passport, more...
Education, Learning & Employment
School Information, Library, Employment, Government Jobs, Skills Upgrading, more...
Family & Community Development
Parenthood, Get Married, Senior Citizens, Donate, Volunteer, more...
Health & Environment
Medical Services, Hospital Charging Schemes, Save our Environment, Bird Flu, more...
Housing
Buy Property, Sell Property, HDB Resale Transactions, Private Resale Transactions, more...
Transport & Travel
Buy a Car, Certificate of Merit, PARF/COE Rebate, ERP Rates, Road Tax, Overseas Assistance, Visa, more...
Information & Feedback
1. From where would you get more information about government policies & services?
From the Internet
From friends, family, colleagues, etc
From government printed publications (handbooks, information flyers, etc)
From the government agency service counters
By sending email to the government agency
By making a phone call to the government agency
2. How would you give feedback to the government?
Via feedback forms on government websites
Via snail mail to the government agency
Via email to the government agency
Via fax to the government agency
Via phone calls to the government agency
At the government agency service counters
View Results
Results of previous polls
Pay Fines, Fees, Taxes and Licenses
Check CPF Account
Enquire PARF/COE Rebates
Enquire Road Tax Payable
Enquire Car Transfer Fees
Buy Government Publications, Reports, Statistics and More
Donate to Charities
Unclaimed Monies
(E.g. "Apply for passport")
Get email and SMSalerts for :
Passport renewal, Road Tax renewal, Library books due, and more...
Find out more about My.eCitizen
Last updated on 22 July 2005 Best viewed using IE 5.0+ or Netscape 6.0+